please welcome Jake Johnson
[Applause]
you know I don't take it the wrong way I
just you know think it's the responsible
thing to do well I saw you hog emily
Blunt's coming in for Mom you know what
Emily is Emily used to live right across
the street from me so there is some kind
of a rule that if you were neighbors you
can do it yeah I also look like a guy
with Corona I saw me at an airport I'm
like
how have you been reacting to this
positively negatively what I don't feel
scared of it you don't feel scared at
all no you know what I felt scared a
little bit
mm-hmm are you scared of Khurana yeah
you know listen I you know I've been
watching my hands and trying to do this
but no I don't think about it a lot well
I had I mean we're here mm-hmm
yeah this would be the dumbest place to
go I'm like really afraid of Corona I've
been talking about this is I love I I
know there are always some good things
about bad things but I feel like like
the audience's the last couple of weeks
really want to be here that's risking
their lives it's nice I like that
sacrifice thank you guys
thank you to the sacrifice of your
parents in here crab here that's right
thank you for killing your elders you
you you God I had a thing words one of
the reasons I'm not afraid now was about
a few years ago I was doing a press tour
with Damon Wayans Jr uh-huh and it's
when bedbugs were a big thing oh yeah
right yeah we're all terrified and I
lived in New York for a while and I was
really scared of him mm-hmm I woke up in
a hotel and I'd bumps all over my face
Oh No yeah all over my forehead my body
and they were bites and it was
disgusting and you got bedbugs that's
what I thought oh and so well I'll get
there okay so I see Damon and he goes
but you said you got bedbugs
yeah that's disgusting because it's
contagious man and everywhere you go
those little bugs are gonna jump off and
get on it that's right yeah
so I was in Phoenix I had to get on a
plane I felt like the biggest creep in
the world on the plane everybody looked
at me like I'm lost are lit bugs I get
home we just had young kids I had to
call my wife and say like honey I got
really bad news I got bedbugs and she's
like you're not coming in the house I
strip this is true totally naked I threw
away all of my luggage
she gave me essentially like a tarp and
Underpants wait a minute
I assume you hid from your neighbors
Browns living right in those feelings
not bad okay
well I was also furious Jimmy ripped off
my clothes disrobe angrily and my
underpants cuz I didn't know where those
bugs were uh huh the socks the pants I
was on the sidewalk I didn't actually
care who saw me and you checked your
body I didn't see anything but bumps
mm-hmm but I knew it was bedbugs and
they could have been in my hair is she
an electric razor I would have shaved a
new girl in the time who would have been
a great moment every bad continuity it
was genuinely furious she throws a
little tarp on me with some Underpants I
Drive to Urgent Care I get to the doctor
and I go hey Doc what's going on he goes
you tell me and I got bedbugs man and I
need some sort of cream to kill him
because I got young kids yeah you guys
you don't have bedbugs you idiot this is
a food allergy
I'm just taking it easy right now korone
what were you allergic to I'm allergic
to wheat and dairy and the whole press
tour I had beer and pizza I was gonna
get my luggage and it was in the
disgusting trash and I'm like I'm an
idiot did you pull it out or you'd leave
it there you left it there I wasn't such
like a furious mood when I took it all
off that's when you know you've made it
when you could throw your luggage away
and not go back in to get it it's when
did you move to Los Angeles 2004 and you
moved from Chicago right oh yeah Chicago
to New York to here - about two blocks
from here
okay oh yeah almost oh wow right that is
right down the block right down the
block yeah it's not a great it's not and
I actually got robbed one night oh you
did yeah I was helping my buddy move a
guy named Eric Edelstein and I was
sitting outside he we did all the moving
in an old convertible so I was just
sitting outside the convertible we were
packing it up and I was on my flip phone
and three guys walked by I knew you can
sense in the air when you're in trouble
mm-hmm I was like damn it this isn't
looking good throat jinxer so one guy
walks up and if he said give me your
money I would have done it I was broke
you know I probably had 15 bucks if he
said give me your wallet I would have
done it but the kid said give me your
junk that was my real genitals no I
didn't think he said I didn't think he
was robbing me from my joy you want to
rob me he wanted what then so he meant
like my phone my wallet he meant that as
junk oh that's what I saw because I go
what and he goes your junk and I got on
enemy junk and he goes your phone man
give me your phone and I he just called
it junk uh-huh he's insulted you and it
meant a lot to me I wish you didn't call
it job and I just met Bob Odenkirk the
great Bob oh yeah sure yeah through my
friend Derek waters and I got his phone
number I did the thing at the bar where
I just moved to LA and I did like Bob we
should
Jay and Bob being a nice guy was like
sure but don't ever call me yeah so I
couldn't give him my phone because I had
Bob so I said no so I ended up scrapping
with three guys really for a flip phone
over Bob Odenkirk phone before bob
odenkirk I didn't win the fight and you
who did they take the phone they didn't
because my buddy walked out as I was
screaming it when I say I got into it
with them it wasn't like got into it it
was like that's the truth and he hears
my screaming son being behind him and
he's about 66 he's an actor Eric
Edelstein he looked about a hundred feet
tall he had a hammer in his hand from
moving that looked like an eye game
weapon of mass destruction he goes like
oh and it will pay off with Bob I think
you could have got Bob's number from
Derrick oh yeah it was them calling it
junk which really have you ever stolen
anything yourself well I mean that's
complicated but I would say yes but I
have been arrested for I was accused of
stealing something that I didn't Oh what
was that
my buddy Billy and I were I was right
after high school and we used to climb
roofs and have like big stalks just
hanging out kind of nice okay sounds way
weirder now if we were in a bar it
wouldn't seem that we're here okay well
we just like sit on a roof and talk it
out so we climbed this roof we're
hanging out we're talking and we got one
of those 18 year old stupid talks the
talk was if the world was flat and you
had great vision and could see
everything would there be less wars you
guys were high
who can any matter but we didn't have
anything on us uh-huh and so we had this
big goofy talk and afterwards we're both
like alright let's get going we're
walking back down the fire escape and
there's a bunch of cops and they pull
the guns on us throw us against a wall
throw us in the two different cop cars
handcuffed me to a wall where I'm like
this a cop comes in to investigate and
he goes you know there's been a bunch of
burglaries right where you were son and
I go home you know so what were you
doing up there and I go my buddy and I
were having a talk he goes yeah he goes
what was that talking about and I go
if the world were flat you could see it
be less Wars saying the same thing in
another interrogation room when the cops
talked and came back I've never had a
man look at me with so much disgust you
had a rough go of it it's all yours well
it's very good to see you to watch
Stumptown this it's on not this
Wednesday as tomorrow returns next
Wednesday here on ABC Jake Johnson
everybody will directly hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel an evil wizard has trapped me
inside this YouTube video click
subscribe to help me escape